Basic Idea :
A system which notifies the user about the delicacies available within 'x' meters of his/her location. The idea is to localize the need for searching the 
food items. Basically an app installed on the smart phone with access to the internet.
-The notification will be based on the user feedback/reviews for that food item.
-Data munging needs to be done in order to rate a particular food item at a particular restaurant by collection all the reviews for that place from various sources
-Provide functionality to :
-- Search for particular food / restaurant
-- Rank a food/restaurnt higher on the search result( paid )
-- Direction via map to that place.



To summarize,

Story Line:
Ted lives on Lexington Street. West Taylor is 0.1 miles from his place. He had a long day. He wishes to have food quickly. 
So, he uses the thoughtmakers app, he pushes the "Favorite Near Me". 

What out app does:

Case 0:
So, our engine learns the best food available around 
1 Mile (hyptothetically)  of Ted and churns restaurent reviews and feedbacks available from users all around the globe and provides him the best dish he could enjoy for the night!

Case 1:
If no joints are available, then the app suggests the user "No joints available that serves favorite food nearby. However there is a joint at about 2 miles from this place. Would you like to try this option?

Case 2:
If joints are availalbe within 1 Mile, but are not serving favorites (No user reviews), ask the user if he prefers this option or would prefer going a bit farther but get a favorite dish!


Technology involved
-Collecting data reviews,etc : Bot?, Various sites that uses such systems( zomato,etc)
Feasibility Study:
1. Check and explore all the places on this god damn internet where they provide you with APIs to get the following:
  a. Which restaurants are present at which location
  b. APIs to access user reviews, feedbacks and rating stars for each restaurant.
  c. The food they serve at each of these restaurants (Menu card)
  d. Explore Programming languages and APIs that support sentiment analysis for the food
  
-Storing large amount review data --> Big Data, NoSQL storage( mongoDB,etc).
1. What storage architecture to be adopted.
2. Understand the storage system. (Most likely it is a non-SQL)
3. Communication/protocols between the system and the storage

[High Priority Learning Needed]: Data munging : Python libraries, R, matlab, Octave, Machine learning
1. Updating the data : machine learning
2. App: Andriod 
